Add downstream documentation links (#486)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: web/content/_index.md

Official documentation [is available here](https://theforeman.org/manuals/nightly/index.html).

Available upstream documentation sets are:

* [Nightly](/nightly.html)
* [2.3](/2.3.html)

Other relevant documentation:

* [Red Hat Satellite](https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_satellite) is a distribution of Foreman and several plugins including Katello, Remote Execution, Discovery, Bootdisk, OpenSCAP for the enterprise.

> * [ATIX orcharhino](https://docs.orcharhino.com/or/docs/index.html) is a distribution of Foreman and many plugins providing vendor-independent management of Red Hat, Suse, Oracle and Debian/Ubuntu nodes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [orcharhino by ATIX](https://docs.orcharhino.com/or/docs/index.html) is a distribution of Foreman and many plugins providing vendor-independent management of CentOS, Debian, Oracle Linux, Red Hat Enterprise Linux, SUSE Linux Enterprise Server, and Ubuntu hosts. orcharhino supports Amazon EC2, Google GCE, libvirt, Microsoft Azure, Oracle Linux Virtualization Manager, oVirt, Proxmox, RHV, and VMware vSphere as compute resource providers and Ansible, Puppet, and Salt as configuration management solutions.
```.

> * [Red Hat Satellite Performance Tuning](https://access.redhat.com/solutions/1257143) is a set of performance-related resources, a free Red Hat portal account is required to access the content.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [Red Hat Satellite Performance Tuning](https://access.redhat.com/solutions/1257143) is a set of performance-related resources, a free Red Hat portal account is required to access the content. Note that while some of the guidance here might help you, Red Hat Satellite is a combination of Foreman and Katello. The latest Satellite release is always two versions behind the latest Foreman release
```

I would like some caveat like this added.

Reviewer 3: :+1: for a caveat. However, currently 6.8 is based on 2.1 and 2.4 is stable so it's even 3 releases. Perhaps you can phrase it in a way that's less committed to the exact number of versions?

Reviewer 2: A teetered between "several" and "a few". I thought "a few" was less dramatic. Updated ^

> * [Red Hat Satellite Performance Tuning](https://access.redhat.com/solutions/1257143) is a set of performance-related resources, a free Red Hat portal account is required to access the content. Note that while some of the guidance here might help you, Red Hat Satellite is a combination of Foreman and Katello. The latest Satellite release is always a few versions behind the latest Foreman release

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Red Hat Satellite Performance Tuning](https://access.redhat.com/solutions/1257143) is a set of performance-related resources, a free Red Hat portal account is required to access the content. Note that while some of the guidance here might help you, Red Hat Satellite is a combination of Foreman and Katello. 

The latest Satellite and orcharhino releases are always behind the latest Foreman release.
The downstream documentation is meant as an extension, not a substitution for first party Foreman documentation.
```

Author: I think that the motivation of the last sentence was to tell the reader that Performance Tuning might be out of date.

You are changing this to a more generic statement about the obvious lag of downstream and upstream. I am not sure if that's needed? @melcorr

Reviewer: For me, this makes the most sense. My logic:
orcharhino & Satellite != Foreman nightly (same for the Performance Tuning Guide) > a generic warning would be neat.
